README.md, before:

# Module 6 Challenge

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [User Story](#user-story)
  - [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
  ​

## Overview

This weeks challenge was
​

### The challenge

### User Story

```md
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

### Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```

### Screenshot

![The finished webpage](./Assets/Screenshot.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Solution]()
- Live Site URL: [Site]()
  ​

## My process

1.

### Built with

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- JavaScript
- jQuery
- Open Weather API

### What I learned

-

### Continued development

-

### Useful resources

-

## Author

- Linkedin - [Max McLaughlin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-mcla/)

## Acknowledgments

-

Commit message:

finished the README and added comments to the javscript code to make it easier to understand

README.md, after:

# Module 6 Challenge

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [User Story](#user-story)
  - [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
  ​

## Overview

This challenge was to create a weather app using the Open Weather API
​

### The challenge

Creating a weather app, including city name, date, icon of weather conditions, temperature, humidity, wind speed, and UV index currently. Also must include a five day forecast including most of the prior, and a search history using local storage

### User Story

```md
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

### Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```

### Screenshot

![The finished webpage](./Assets/Screenshot.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Solution](https://github.com/lafflin/06-Weather-API)
- Live Site URL: [Site](https://lafflin.github.io/06-Weather-API/)
  ​

## My process

1. The first thing I did was write sudo code to figure out exactly what needed to be done. Following this I created a large portion of the DOM elements, then worked on getting the API call working with the user being able to enter their own city.
2. After I got these to work properly, I made a mockup of how I wanted the site to look, and jotted down notes about smaller things I needed to do.
3. Once all of this was done, I sprinted to the finish line, working on getting all of the data that I needed to display to the page on the page.
4. After getting all of the data on the page, I used bootstrap to clean it up and make the page much MUCH more readable.
5. Finally, I did the UV color changer and the local storage history.

### Built with

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- JavaScript
- jQuery
- Open Weather API

### What I learned

- I learned a lot about working with local storage and APIs.
- I also learned a lot about global and local variables and how to use them.

### Continued development

- CODE MORE. CODE MORE. CODE MORE. CODE MORE. CODE MORE. CODE MORE.

### Useful resources

- Stack Overflow, MDN web docs, and W3 Schools

## Author

- Linkedin - [Max McLaughlin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-mcla/)

## Acknowledgments

- AskBCS LA's, very helpful for when you are stuck and can not find the right words to google to find a solution.
